NOTE: Everything in the migrations module is auto-generated by Flask_Migrate

Generic single-database configuration.

General use from your virtualenv:
 - NOTE: Flask-Migrate will look for app.py or wsgi.py by default. If your flask app exists in a different file, like in this boilerplate example,
 you'll need to either explicitly set the FLASK_APP env variable each time you run a flask migrate command, or set the env variable
 globally elsewhere.
 - `FLASK_APP=boilerplate.py flask db init # generates the alembic migration's folder`
 - `FLASK_APP=boilerplate.py flask db migrate # generates the migration ddl in the versions package, captures changes by comparing against the connected DB`
 - `FLASK_APP=boilerplate.py flask db upgrade # runs the migration ddls from the versions package`

General notes on the DB schema migrations in this workflow:
 - To start fresh, delete the migrations folder and run `flask db init`, followed by `flask db migrate`. 
 When you start the app, the upgrade command will run.
 - To start from the existing migrations folder, first run the app which will run upgrade on your DB, 
 creating the DB and running all existing migrations.
 - For any other changes to your sql-alchemy db models, you'll need to run flask db migrate, adding a new 
 migration script. These will be applied on app startup,
 allowing you to run full schema migration in any environment, regardless of the current state of the 
 target DB. 
 - Note: if a target DB is out of sync with your migration scripts (e.g., you manually added or 
 removed a file), you could run into some issues (like dropping a column that doesn't exist). If this 
 occurs, you may need to remove the existing migration versions and rerun `flask db migrate` to generate
 the migration scripts bringing the schema up to date.